feat: Add @sentry/angular (#2787)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: packages/angular/README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://sentry.io" target="_blank" align="center">
    <img src="https://sentry-brand.storage.googleapis.com/sentry-logo-black.png" width="280">
  </a>
  <br />
</p>

> # Official Sentry SDK for Angular

Reviewer: Can we mention the versions that it is compatible for and the relationship with the previous angular integration?

Author: I'll include this in the docs themselves when I'll be writing them.

## Links

- [Official SDK Docs](https://docs.sentry.io/quickstart/)

> - [TypeDoc](http://getsentry.github.io/sentry-javascript/)

Reviewer 2: There should be a link to more specific Angular docs, like https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/angular/ or wherever the new docs will be.

## General

This package is a wrapper around `@sentry/browser`, with added functionality related to Angular. All methods available
in `@sentry/browser` can be imported from `@sentry/angular`.

> To use this SDK, call `Sentry.init(options)` before you boostrap your Angular application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this SDK, call `Sentry.init(options)` before you bootstrap your Angular application.
```

```javascript
import { enableProdMode } from '@angular/core';
import { platformBrowserDynamic } from '@angular/platform-browser-dynamic';
import { init } from '@sentry/angular';

import { AppModule } from './app/app.module';

init({
  dsn: '__DSN__',
  // ...
});

// ...

enableProdMode();
platformBrowserDynamic()
  .bootstrapModule(AppModule)
  .then(success => console.log(`Bootstrap success`))
  .catch(err => console.error(err));
```

### ErrorHandler

`@sentry/angular` exports a function to instantiate ErrorHandler provider that will automatically send Javascript errors
captured by the Angular's error handler.

```javascript
import { NgModule, ErrorHandler } from '@angular/core';
import { createErrorHandler } from '@sentry/angular';

@NgModule({
  // ...
  providers: [
    {
      provide: ErrorHandler,
      useValue: createErrorHandler({
        showDialog: true,
      }),
    },
  ],
  // ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> Additionally, `createErrorHandler` accepts a set of options that allows you to configure it's behavior. For more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `createErrorHandler` accepts a set of options that allows you to configure its behaviour. For more details
```

see `ErrorHandlerOptions` interface in `src/errorhandler.ts`.

### Tracing

`@sentry/angular` exports a Trace Service, Directive and Decorators that leverage the `@sentry/tracing` Tracing
integration to add Angular related spans to transactions. If the Tracing integration is not enabled, this functionality
will not work. The service itself tracks route changes and durations, where directive and decorators are tracking
components initializations.

#### Install

> Registering a Trace Service is 3 steps process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registering a Trace Service is a 3 steps process.
```

1. Register and configure `@sentry/tracing` `BrowserTracing` integration, including custom Angular routing
   instrumentation:

```javascript
import { init, routingInstrumentation } from '@sentry/angular';
import { Integrations as TracingIntegrations } from '@sentry/tracing';

init({
  dsn: '__DSN__',
  integrations: [
    new TracingIntegrations.BrowserTracing({
      tracingOrigins: ['localhost', 'https://yourserver.io/api'],
      routingInstrumentation: routingInstrumentation,
    }),
  ],
  tracesSampleRate: 1,
});
```

2. Register `SentryTrace` as a provider in Angular's DI system, with a `Router` as it's dependency:

```javascript
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { Router } from '@angular/router';
import { TraceService } from '@sentry/angular';

@NgModule({
  // ...
  providers: [
    {
      provide: TraceService,
      deps: [Router],
    },
  ],
  // ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> 3. Either require it inside `AppModule` or use `APP_INITIALIZER` to force it's instantiation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Either require the `TraceService` from inside `AppModule` or use `APP_INITIALIZER` to instantiate Tracing. 
```

```javascript
@NgModule({
  // ...
})
export class AppModule {
  constructor(trace: TraceService) {}
}
```

or

```javascript
import { APP_INITIALIZER } from '@angular/core';

@NgModule({
  // ...
  providers: [
    {
      provide: APP_INITIALIZER,
      useFactory: () => () => {},
      deps: [TraceService],
      multi: true,
    },
  ],
  // ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

#### Use

> In order to track Angular components as the part of your transactions, you have 3 options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To track Angular components as part of your transactions, you have 3 options.
```
